What's new in 1.1.5?  Well...  Let's try and count the ways..

-- KERNEL IMPROVEMENTS SINCE FreeBSD 1.1 --

1) Bounce buffers. This allows systems to use bus master ISA controllers
   in systems with more than 16MB of memory.

2) VM performance improvements. Many new enhancements to the Mach derived
   VM system including page table preloading (dramatically reduces page
   faults); page usage statistics gathering (improves page replacement
   thus reducing thrashing); clustered page-ins and page-outs (reduces
   paging I/O overhead).

3) Overall kernel performance improvements. Some critical functions have
   been inlined; the trap, pmap, and other critical code has been
   optimized, etc.

4) Improved scheduling algorithm. Improves interactive performance on
   busy machines, expecially in cases where lots of software builds are
   occurring.

5) Disk I/O clustering. Improves the I/O speed dramatically on most disk
   drives.

6) Vastly superior optional floating point emulator from Bill Metzenthen.
   Faster and more reliable/accurate/complete emulation and has fewer bugs.
   Provided as an option in the kernel (the original emulator is still
   the default).

7) IP Multicast support. Allows reception of Internet multicast packets.

8) Improved sound support. Version 2.5 of Hannu Savolainen's VoxWare sound
   drivers. Supports SoundBlaster, PAS, GUS, and other common sound boards.

9) New device support for the Seagate ST01/ST02 and Future Domain 950 SCSI
   adapters.

10) X10 device driver from Gene Stark for X-10 style remote power control.
   (such as Radio Shack "Plug 'n Power")

11) PS/2 mouse driver from Erik Forsberg.

12) Busmouse driver from Rick Macklem.

13) IBM/National PCMCIA ethernet driver from Keith Moore.

14) Improved floppy driver support.

15) Much improved syscons driver (now default) with user-editable ascii
    keymaps and many other new features.

16) Many improvements and fixes to nearly every supported device driver.

17) Many improvements and fixes scattered throughout the kernel.

18) New pcaudio driver allows `Sun style' .au files to be played through the
    speaker.

19) Substantial changes in sio for supporting multiport and bidirectional
    comms.  Please see the sio man page for details.

-- USER CODE IMPROVEMENTS SINCE FreeBSD 1.1 --

1)  Man pages now compressed by default, saving quite a bit of space for
    small configurations.

2)  S/Key one-time password support for enhanced network security.

3)  Many many bug fixes and miscellaneous enhancements.

4)  Sun math library now available for faster FPU support (see #5).

5)  New /etc/make.conf mechanism allows users to tailor how their systems
    are built (from source) and switch various options on and off.

6)  C++ shared libs are now fully supported (and libg++ shared by default).

7)  The programs `vidcontrol' and `kbdcontrol' replace the old `syscons'.

$FreeBSD: head/en_US.ISO8859-1/htdocs/releases/1.1.5/WHATS_NEW-1.1.5.txt 53705 2019-12-22 10:49:07Z carlavilla $
